<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" 
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
                xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
                xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
                xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
                xmlns:c="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsp/jstl/core" >


  <h:form id="index_options">
    <style>
      ul.instructions_top {
        color:indigo;
      }

      ul.instructions_sub {
        color:#003782;
      }

      li.about {
        list-style-type: square;
        color: #00824b;
      }    

    </style>

    <ul class="instructions_top" ><a>About EchoMarket</a>
       <h:commandLink  class="right_div" value="Okay..."  onclick="window.history.back();"/>
      <li class="about" >EchoMarket is your goodwill resource for lending, borrowing and even trading or donating some of life's necessities, or items that you need just once and you want to avoid a one-time purchase. </li>
      <li class="about" >Echo Market is offered as a facilitating service to introduce borrowers seeking to lenders offering EchoMarket approved items. </li>
      <li class="about" >Once a borrower or lender has been introduced, EchoMarket will play no mediating role in that event, except in the case of anonymous item donations. </li>
      <li class="about" >EchoMarket was designed to protect participant privacy and assure success in participation. Please see 'EchoMarket Instructions' for further details on participation. </li>
    </ul>
    <ul class="instructions_top" ><a>The Origin of EchoMarket</a>
      <li class="about" >
        <p>In early Fall 2014, a very large tree fell in my back yard. The vision of the fallen tree was actually quite remarkable, so huge, filling my back yard with this majestic green cloud. In the following days it took me a while to orient myself to that green cloud: just its presence, how to remove it, and what would I do with the wood. I would need tools, like a large chain saw.</p>
        <p>A chain saw! I don't want to buy a chain saw for a one-time use, and I don't want to rent one in a duration too brief for me. I don't know how to use a chain saw. Anyway I don't have the money to either buy or rent one, and I don't have the strength or confidence to use one. I needed to borrow a chain saw from someone that would help me use it. I also felt that the removal of this tree should be a community effort.</p>
        <p>I searched the Internet to find some source to borrow a chain saw. Couldn't find one. Then I started thinking that it is really odd that I could not find an Internet source toward humanitarian item sharing, especially given an urgent need...</p>
        <p>Thus, EchoMarket was born. The purpose of the Echo Market is that one should be able to shout into the distant or nearby yonder to either offer or receive an item. The EchoMarket is here to listen to that shout and respond to it.</p>
      </li>
    </ul>

    <ul class="instructions_top" ><a>EchoMarket Items</a>
      <li class="about" >EchoMarket supports the exchange of items that enhance, advance and/or improve the lives of its participants</li>
    </ul>


    <ul class="instructions_top" ><a>EchoMarket: Legal</a>
      <li class="about" >All EchoMarket items offered or sought will be approved with communication between either the lender or borrower and EchoMarket. </li>
      <li class="about" >Items that will be excluded: contraband, weapons, perishable, pharmaceutical, illegal/controlled, and broken items; items offered or sought in malfescance; items that may raise sanitation risks; stolen items; items of human/sexual exploitative nature; items that foment crime and/or hostility...</li>
    </ul>

    <ul class="instructions_top" ><a>EchoMarket: Participant Types</a>
      <li class="about" >Types of lenders: A generous individual, an Emergency Service, an International NGO, a religious organization... Someone having a Yard Sale. Anyone willing to provide items to a borrower. Lender can offer items for free, for a small fee, for purchase, for donation or trade, and they can specify conditions of the lending like requiring a security deposit or requesting a third-party presence during item transfer.</li>
      <li class="about" >Types of borrowers: an individual, enterprise or organization with an urgent, one-time or regular-basis need to borrow.</li>
      <li class="about" >Communities! Yes, within Echo Market, you can create your own Borrowing and/or Lending Community with the option to list members. On login to your Community, the entirety of the EchoMarket presence pertains only to your Community. Sales Pitch! For a reasonable fee, your Community presence can be customized to your preferences: changing its appearance, adding features, removing features...</li>
    </ul>

    <ul class="instructions_top" ><a>EchoMarket Offered Incentives </a>
      <li class="about" >At this point EchoMarket is not offering incentives to its participants.</li>  
      <ul>Future Incentives:
        <li class="about" >A ranking of borrowers and lenders based on frequency of use, successful participation, generation of new EchoMarket participants, etc... </li>
        <li class="about" >Free advertising for folks based on ranking</li>
      </ul>
    </ul>

    <ul class="instructions_top" ><a>EchoMarket Technically</a>
      <li class="about" >EchoMarket was developed in Windows 10, using the Netbeans IDE 8.1. </li>
      <li class="about" >Programming language Java, JDK 1.8, with JavaServerFaces 2.2</li>
      <li class="about" >Application database interaction via Hibernate 4.3.1</li>
      <li class="about" >Backend database is MySQL</li>
    </ul>

    <ul class="instructions_top" ><a>EchoMarket Internet Browser Viewing</a>
      <li class="about" >  EchoMarket has not been thoroughly tested in all internet browsers with respective versions. </li>
      <li class="about" >  EchoMarket best viewed in Mozilla FireFox, Google Chrome looks good.  </li>
      <li class="about" >  EchoMarket does not function well in Internet Explorer. </li>
    </ul>

    <ul class="instructions_top" ><a>EchoMarket's Future</a>
      <li class="about" >  Geographically display where items are available for borrowing, lending, donating or trading</li>
      <li class="about" >  Make EchoMarket more appealing in appearance and navigation</li>
      <li class="about" >  Enable registration via social media</li>
      <li class="about" >  Code for smart phone use</li>		
      <li class="about" >  Code for cell phone to capture item bar code as desired or offered</li>
      <li class="about" >  Think more about incentives</li>
    </ul>

    <ul class="instructions_top" ><a>Donate to EchoMarket</a>
      <li class="about" >In appreciation for what has been done so far, and toward that vision of making the EchoMarket even more effective and far-reaching, EchoMarket humbly requests your financial contribution, or a contribution of your time or your talent. So please go to menu option 'Contact EchoMarket' to introduce yourself and speak of your interests in donating.  </li>
    </ul>
   
  </h:form>

</ui:composition>