<ui:composition 
  xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
  xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
  xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
  xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets"
  xmlns:c="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsp/jstl/core"
  >


  <body onload="changeMenuBackground(2)"  >
    <div style="font-size:16px;margin-left:15px;" >

      <p >
        Your privacy is very important to Echomarket! 
        EchoMarket has been designed to protect not only your privacy but for you to specify preferences and conditions in 
        both borrowing and lending with the intent of minimizing potential conflict between borrowers and lender.  
        Also to gain some insight into the borrower or lender before initial contact.
      </p>

      <p >
        Before you can begin to either approved borrow or lend, you must take the following steps. 
        The navigation of EchoMarket will assist you in this process.  This process should only take a couple of minutes... 
      </p>
      <ul><a>Step One:</a> 
        <li>
          Identify yourself.  For all the the following options if required, 
          you may choose to not publicly display this information.  The required information will be for purposes of Searching for Items.
        </li>
        <ul>
          <li>
            Your name. Required, you may choose to not publicly display it.  Never used in Item Search. Real or fake, up to you.  
            ...Just you may have some awkward explaining to do to prospective borrowers or lenders.
          </li>
          <li>
            Your affiliation. Options ranging from 'Just me!, 'Having a Yard Sale' to 'Faith-based"...  
          </li>
          <li>
            Your Organization.  Not required.  If you choose to publicly display it, folks may be interested in supporting your organization. 
          </li>
          <li>
            Your Email Address(es).  Never used in Item Search. Provide an alternative to your Registration email address.  
            You may choose to not publicly display either, and later you may choose which email address as a Contact source for EchoMarket Participants.
          </li>
          <li>
            Your Physical Address(es).  You may provide a Primary or an Alternative physical address.  
            You may choose to not publicly display either, and later you may choose which address as a Contact source for EchoMarket Participants. Address is critical to Item Searching.
          </li>
          <li>
            Your Phone.  Optional.  Provide your home phone, cell phone or alternative phone...  
            You may choose to not publicly display, and if displayed will be referenced generically, 
            and later you may choose which phone as a Contact source for EchoMarket Participants.
          </li>
        </ul>
      </ul>
      <ul><a>Step Two:</a> 
        <li>
          Your Default Contact Preferences.  On creation of a new item to either borrow or lend, 
          you will be able to revise these default preferences. How do you want Borrowers or Lenders to contact?  In a 'Yes/No' process..
        </li>
        <ul>
          <li>
            Your Primary or Alternative Address?
          </li>
          <li>
            Contact By Chat?
          </li>
          <li>
            Contact By Email?
          </li>
          <li>
            Contact by Phone?
          </li>
          <li>
            Contact By Socal Media?
          </li>
        </ul>
      </ul>
      <ul><a>Step Three, if are a lender:</a> 
        <li>
          Your Default Item Transfer Preference. 
          Again, on creation of a new item to lend, you will be able to revise these preferences. 
          How do you want a borrower to receive and return your item?  
          You will be required to specify at least one option. In a simple 'Yes/No' process..
        </li>
        <ul>
          <li>
            You want the borrower to come to either your Primary or Alternative address, which will be displayed generically. 
          </li>
          <li>
            You want the borrow to come to an agreed location?  Your choice? Mutual agreement?
          </li>
          <li>
            You will deliver the item?  Your choice of location? Mutual agreement of location?
          </li>
          <li>
            Do you want a third-party present during transfer? Your choice of third-party?  Or mutual agreement of third-party?
          </li>
          <li>
            How do you want the item to be returned?  
          </li>
          
        </ul>
      </ul>
      <ul><a>Step Four, if are a lender:</a> 
        <li>
          Your Monetary, Duration and Conditions in Lending. And again, on creation of a new item to lend, you will be able to revise these preferences. You will be required to specify at least one option. Again, in a simple 'Yes/No' process..
        </li>
        <ul>
          <li>
            Lending for Free?
          </li>
          <li>
            Item available for a small purchase amount? If yes, want amount?
          </li>
          <li>
            Are you willing to donate this item?  If yes, do you wish to donate anonymously? EchoMarket will faciliate this process.
          </li>
          <li>
            Are you interested in trading your item for a another?  If so, what would you like to trade?
          </li>
          <li>
            For how long would you like to lend? Days? Hours? Indefinite? 
          </li>
          <li>
            Would you like to be present during lending period? Entire period? Partial period?
          </li>
          <li>
            Would you like to provide item-use training? 
          </li>
          <li>
            Do you require a security deposit?  If so, how much?
          </li>
          <li>
            You may write specific conditions in lending...
          </li>
          
        </ul>
      </ul>
      
      <p >
        That's it!  May seem excessive, but EchoMarket is determined in protecting your privacy and assuring all successful and continued borrowing and lending.
      </p>
      <p >
        From your Browser, you should print these Instructions.
      </p>
      
    </div>

  </body>

</ui:composition>